Previously on
"Sons of Anarchy"...
I just watched my best friend
get beaten to death.
Now I need Trager outside.
Him knowing I saved his life
gives me an internal
advantage I'm gonna need.
And when I'm done,
you can send him out
the same way
you did his kid.
I need a minute.
You here to kill me?
I'm here to keep you alive.
You made a deal with him
behind my back.
If I didn't make this deal,
you would've killed him.
- I know it was Clay.
- So do I.
Looks like we got
another common goal.
Clay: It's my way
of saying thanks.
Clay is out.
Trager served his purpose.
I'll deliver him tomorrow.
Who are you?
Lee Toric, the guy who just
lost his little sister.
U.S. Marshal. And what
do you want from me?
The truth. Your side.
Tomorrow ISU
will get Otto's side.
What do you think
that's gonna sound like?
Time to earn
your rent, Chief.
You find out
everything you can.
U.S. Marshal?
Triple Two started
running dogfights.
Yeah, this is Dante
pushing us out.
You want to fix
the damage you've done?
Yes.
Clay was the one that put
the Nomads in motion.
You want me to spy on him?
I want you to be with him.
The thing you want
me to do,
I need to know that what
you promised is real.
If you help him get
what he needs from Clay,
you can have that key back
and the family
that goes with it.
I was hoping to catch
a cargo ride back to Belfast.
I'm hoping to bring Gemma.
Oh, Jesus Christ, Clay,
I can't just
pick up and leave.
It's two months.
Probably do you
some good to step away.
Do you have something
in place for them--
the boys,
in case anything were
to happen to you?
If anything happens to me,
there's nobody I trust
to take care of my boys.
I've got the proof--
Abel being kidnapped,
the shit that happened
to me today--
I'm gonna report it.
I'm coming after my son.
- Can we talk?
- [Wendy grunts, shouts]
You don't ever threaten
my family again.
♪ Those schoolgirl days ♪
♪ Of tellin' tales
and biting nails ♪
♪ Are gone ♪
♪ But in my mind ♪
♪ I know they will ♪
♪ Still live on and on ♪
♪ But how do you
thank someone ♪
♪ Who has taken you
from crayons ♪
♪ To perfume? ♪
♪ It isn't easy,
but I'll try ♪
♪ If you wanted the sky ♪
♪ I would write
across the sky ♪
♪ In letters ♪
♪ That would soar
a thousand feet high ♪
♪ To sir, with love ♪
[sighs]
♪ the time has come ♪
♪ For closin' books ♪
♪ And long last looks
must end ♪
♪ And as I leave ♪
♪ I know that I am leaving
my best friend ♪
♪ A friend that taught me
right from wrong ♪
♪ And weak from strong,
that's a lot to learn ♪
♪ What can I give you
in return? ♪
♪ If you wanted the sky ♪
♪ I would write
across the sky ♪
♪ In letters ♪
♪ That would soar
a thousand feet high ♪
♪ To sir, with love ♪
♪ If you wanted the moon ♪
♪ I would try
to make a start ♪
♪ But I would rather
you let me give my heart ♪
♪ To sir, with love ♪
[chatter]
Hey.
I'm assuming you're here
to shore up the details.
I am.
But, you know,
it dawned on me.
Hmm.
Once I hand over Tig,
it might be the end
of these little chats.
I'm gonna miss that.
How so?
Now that I handed over
the coke to the Mayans,
the only thing I got left
you want is Trager.
You don't think I'm gonna come
through on Charming Heights?
No faith, son.
[chuckles]
I'm just following
your business model.
- Uh-huh.
- Trust no one.
What do you want?
Some kind of letter
of intent,
locking down your
interest and my needs.
The maintenance
contracts.
And the subsidized
housing for Opie's family.
Plus SAMCRO's percentage
for me bringing
all the parties together.
Relax.
The deal
is moving forward.
The paperwork's
already started.
Then one more
piece of paper
doesn't make
a difference, right?
You're committing
to Charming Heights.
I'm committing to handing
over a brother
for you to murder.
That sounds fair to me.
I'm here all day
with the lawyers.
We could put
something together.
You get
your piece of paper.
Thank you.
One for me and one for Hale?
We got some business
in Stockton this morning,
but I should be able to break
Tig away this afternoon.
It has to be in Sanwa.
He's gonna get skittish if I
try to lead him to Oakland.
We have a storage
garage in Middle River.
Private, rural. 2:00.
I'll text you the info.
We'll be there.
Almost done, my friend.
[motorcycle starts]
Yeah.
Yes.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
[radio playing]
I'm leaving my tools.
Tig and Chibs stole
most of my shit anyway.
Yeah.
I'll let 'em know.
Uh...
Chucky, Tara's waiting
for those car mats.
Maybe you could
go drop 'em off.
Absolument.
French?
What happened
to the rhyming?
I threatened to auction
his hands off on eBay.
[chuckles]
Gaalan's all set for me--
4:30, Wahewa barn.
My suitcase is in the car.
Thank you.
It's gonna be a fresh
start for us, Gem.
I promise.
Yeah.
The honeymoon we never had.
War-torn Belfast.
Can't wait.
All right now, go on.
Get out of here.
I got to get shit organized
for two-fingered Pierre
out there.
Uh, 3:00, my place?
Yeah.
Nerves and muscles are
communicating normally.
[Tara sighs]
No permanent damage, Tara.
Dr. Balian thinks you'll be
operating within six months.
That's amazing.
I just didn't...
expect this.
I knew you'd heal.
You're too good
of a surgeon.
There's a lot of people
you still need to help.
Sorry to interrupt.
Can you, um, forward
these to Karen Dunhill?
Sure.
I tried to call you
at work.
Yeah.
I took a sick day.
You okay?
You have no idea
what happened to me
last night, do you?
What are you talking
about?
Jax came to my house
last night
after Tig dropped me off.
Told me to back off
from his family
and threatened
to tell my work
that I came here
looking for Abel
high and out of control.
Well, that's not true.
People here know--
Well, unfortunately,
a positive drug test
might make it true
'cause he banged a speedball
into my shoulder.
[gasp]
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
You should be horrified.
I can't believe
he would do that.
Believe it.
The MC, this town, it kills
all the shit you love.
You need to get those boys
away from here.
I-I'm trying
to set that up.
Trying is never gonna
get you out.
Go to Oregon now
before something awful
happens to you and your sons.
And if you don't do it,
I will,
because
I don't give a shit
- about custody--
- I'm getting out!
I'm getting out.
Good.
Is that for me?
Tara. I dropped off
the mats,
and I found this on
the front porch.
Perishables. Adieu.
[exhales]
Nero, they're pressing
all of us.
They trash my shop.
They come in and they take
whatever shit they want.
And Dante says now we have to
pay Triple Two for protection.
I mean,
we all knew you split.
I mean, what the hell
are we supposed to do, huh?
Okay, I get it, carnela.
I get it.
I'm sorry I let that happen.
I'm here now.
Mm? And we're gonna
handle Dante, mi vida.
And we'll make sure
the street knows.
Come on.
[speaks Spanish]
Gracias.
You got a plan?
Cut off
the goddamn head.
Dante, he's running
out of a rag warehouse,
two blocks
at the end of Palm.
Fights are in progress.
Is he there now?
Not sure.
All right, check it out.
Why don't you let
the white boys go in?
Just a few fight fans.
See what we're dealing with.
Yeah. Cool.
How big's his crew?
Like, 15.
Been recruiting.
Closer to 20.
It's probably more, homes.
Right now we got four other
guys, plus your crew.
No, that still leaves us
a little light.
Don't worry about that.
I got the Cholo cavalry
on the way.
[dogs barking, men shouting]
[loud music playing]
Yeah, get him!
Get him, man! Get him!
Take more, man?
[dog yelping in pain]
- Take a look around.
- Yeah.
[growling, shouting,
loud music continue]
[dog yelping in pain]
[whimpering]
[cheering]
Man: That's right.
Jackie.
Shit.
[barking continues]
[whining]
[flies buzzing]
Ahh.
Aw, you got to be
kidding me.
[gun hammer cocks]
Hey! I will blow your
goddamn head off.
- Who the hell are you, man?
- Tig!
Hey!
Look at this
shit, brother.
Look at this.
This is so wrong.
That's not what we're
doing here.
Yeah. Yeah.
Where is Dante?
Where's Dante,
you piece of shit?
Thr-Through there, man.
Uses one of the supply
rooms as an office.
Tiggy. Come on.
- Get out of here.
- Leave the dog.
- Take her inside.
- Go tell Nero. Now.
Yes, sir.
Of course.
They can live with the case.
To be safe... my love.
Yes.
Always.
[speaking Spanish]
Put 'em down! Now!
- Give it up!
- Now!
Now, Dante.
Tig:
Now on the floor.
[gun clatters on floor]
Don't move.
Stay.
Hey. Están aquí.
[shouting in Spanish]
Shit! Change of plans.
Come on.
Go!
Don't let 'em get out!
[shouting]
Shit, Mayans!
Dante! Chibs!
Tig:
Turn around!
On your knees!
Get 'em down!
Let's go!
Yo! Here!
Aah!
[screaming]
He's leaving!
Ha ha ha ha ha! Yeah.
Oh, shit!
Go!
- Oh, shit!
- [barking]
Let me out of here!
Oh! Aah!
- What? What?
- [Dante yelling]
Are you okay?
Let me out of here!
Aah!
That shit's got to hurt.
Ohh! Aah!
We should
probably let him out.
That would be the good
Catholic thing to do.
[laughing]
[grunting, yelling]
Hey, babe.
Can we talk?
Yeah.
Can you give us a minute?
Ca va,
monsieur et madame.
[Chuck speaks French]
What's going on?
Uh, I had that...
nerve exam this morning.
There's
no permanent damage.
They think I'll be operating
within six months.
Oh, my God.
That's good, right?
Yeah.
You're still worried
about all that shit
that happened yesterday?
Yeah.
I guess I just need
a little...
clarity.
Look, babe,
Otto was gonna give
his statement today.
Lowen is gonna figure out
what our next move is,
and we're gonna
put this shit behind us.
That's the truth.
What about Wendy?
Wendy will back off.
How do you know?
She can't prove shit.
She's just a junkie.
She's never
gonna get custody.
[door opens]
Chucky, split.
[speaking French]
So what you got?
Found out what I could
about Mr. Lee Toric.
What?
Harvard education.
Ex-Special Forces.
Recruited into
the U.S. Marshals in '91.
Lots of high-profile
arrests.
Commendations up the yang,
as well as a long list
of misconduct violations:
excessive force,
intimidation,
racial profiling.
Looks like he was, uh,
forced into early retirement.
The little sister--
she was his only family.
Man: That's it.
[chains jangling]
Now stay.
It'll be a minute.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[chuckles]
[beep]
Please state your name
for the record.
[sigh]
[shouting]
Jesus Christ!
[groaning]
Guard!
[yelling]
[weeping]
Well...
Way to commit... Otto.
[sobbing]
You looking for me?
No, I'm here for
in vitro counseling.
[sigh]
When were you gonna
tell me about Oregon?
I know all about
the Providence offer.
It just came up.
Bullshit.
Does Jax know?
Not all the details.
Well,
here's a detail for you.
You're not taking
my family anywhere.
They're my sons.
Shut up, you lying bitch.
I am done with your
little power push.
The shit I've done to buy
my way back to those boys.
That didn't work,
did it?
Clay's still standing.
You got no idea.
What I got is my family,
and I am pulling them out
of this goddamn cesspool.
Far away from you, SAMCRO,
and all the shit
that comes with it.
You take one step
out of Charming,
and the only place
you're going is prison.
All I got to do is reach out
to those investigators,
tell them you asked me
to bring you that cross.
I'm sure there's plenty
of security footage
of us on that lot.
And afterwards,
you told me exactly
what you were going
to have Otto do:
kill an innocent
to reverse RICO.
You had it all planned.
Jax would kill you.
Well, he might as well.
I'm dead without my boys.
But at least I would
have the satisfaction
of knowing you were locked up,
getting fist-raped
until they were
well into their 20s.
[groan, gasp]
Hope you're not pregnant.
Mm.
You can't hurt me
anymore, Gemma.
You do what you have to do,
but I'm leaving Charming.
And my sons
are coming with me.
- [phone rings]
- Yeah. Go with that.
- Sounds good.
- Okay.
[beep]
Hello.
It's Jax.
You let him know I'm
running a little late.
Is there a problem?
Not at all.
[dog barks]
Hey.
That was one of Nero's guys.
They found the breeder
supplying the fight dogs.
Asked if we could
shut it down.
Oh, I'll gut
that son of a bitch.
I'm gonna take Tig.
No. No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
You have got no idea
what the hell you're
walking into.
We'll handle it.
Let's go.
[knock on door]
You're early.
Yeah.
Bag's in the car.
Juice.
Got it.
Did you take care
of everything?
Yeah.
I'm ready.
It's quiet, man.
Man, you sure
this is the place?
I don't see
any kennels or pens.
Yeah,
this is the place.
[gun chamber clicking]
Give me the piece.
What?
What are you
talking about?
The gun, Tig,
and the knife.
Jax.
Do it!
All right.
What the hell's
going on, man?
Tell me!
[car approaching]
Oh, no, no, no.
Jax, come on.
Sorry, man.
You rat bastard.
Goddamn it!
Hey.
You made it on time.
Yeah.
Jax, please, brother.
Please, come on.
Think about what
you're doing here,
who this scumbag is.
Who that scumbag is.
Him, too.
The gun.
It's just a precaution.
Right.
Brother...
you're giving me up
to this asshole.
And you saw
what he did to Dawn.
You know what?
She was screaming my name.
She was going "Daddy!"
Shut him up.
- "Daddy."
- Shut him up!
Uhh!
Did you bring it?
We sent one to Hale's
lawyer as well.
Thank you.
I'd do it in the garage.
I spotted a couple hikers
on the way in.
Sound travels out here.
I'll wait till you're done.
Tie him up.
I'm gonna need the cut.
Would you? Here.
It all comes around, Tiggy.
Inside the garage.
Right there.
Pope: Veronica.
That was her name.
[grunt]
Don't!
You stay down.
[laughing]
Hey, this was not
our agreement, son.
No.
It wasn't.
You kill the man
that burned your kid
alive.
You stupid cracker bitch.
You know what happens
to whoever kills me, right?
I'm counting on it.
[sigh]
[grunt]
I'm sorry.
I couldn't tell you.
He would have
picked up on something.
He could have killed me
right away, bro.
But he didn't.
No, he didn't.
[panting loudly]
That's Clay's gun.
Yeah, it is.
Is that gonna be
a problem for you?
No.
[sobbing]
It's over, brother.
It's over.
LT, just got a call
about a homicide
in a commercial lot
out in Middle River.
That's not our quadrant.
Whoever called said you'd
want to find the body.
Wouldn't give a name.
Just the address.
Give the Holt station
a heads-up.
Have Tores and Wilson
meet us at the 20.
- Yes, sir.
- Let's go.
Holy shit.
That's Damon Pope.
Yes, it is.
[phone ringing]
Call it in.
[ringing]
Eli Roosevelt.
How's your day?
Did you do this?
Just working towards
that common goal.
Which one?
Step out of the garage.
All right, I'm there.
Vent,
halfway up the hill.
Yeah.
You're welcome.
We got a weapon!
We got a weapon.
Get up there.
He bit off his own tongue?
Apparently, his way
of not talking...
[chuckles softly]
ever again.
As gruesome as it is,
it's good news, Tara.
Otto was the only one
who could tie you up
with a conspiracy charge.
Everything else they
could charge you with
is a misdemeanor.
Okay.
Should we do this
another time?
No.
No, we have to do it now.
I've included life
insurance policy...
the guardianship
for the boys,
both Jax's
and your dad's house.
I think it's everything
we talked about.
Okay, where do I sign?
Don't you
want to review it?
No.
No, I don't have to.
Okay.
Signature here,
along with your initials,
and sign on all
the red tabs.
Okay.
You do know
this isn't binding
until Jax signs
and it's notarized.
No, I know.
Do you want me to set
a meeting with him?
No.
No, I can do that.
Okay.
This is the last
of the boxes.
I'll get more
and finish up tonight,
move everything
into storage next week.
Thanks, Juicy.
No problem, man.
I know it was you...
found that legal shit
in the vent.
Why didn't you say
something?
Eh... I figured
it had to be Jax
leveraging
the RICO threat.
You had no choice.
We always have a choice.
I'm sorry.
It didn't end up
mattering anyway.
Just let it go.
I love you, brother.
I'm gonna miss you most.
Christ.
Clay.
You got to go.
You got to leave now.
You got to get
out of here.
You got to split.
Take my bike.
What are you talking
about, son?
[knock on door]
You leaving town?
What is this?
This weapon is
registered in your name.
It was just used
in the murder of Damon Pope
and three of his associates.
Can you tell me where you've
been this afternoon?
Right here.
Can anyone confirm that?
My wife.
Tell him, Gem.
Gemma?
He went out
for a few hours.
Took the gun.
Said he had to settle up
some accounts before he left.
I didn't think
he'd kill anyone.
Cuff him and read him.
[handcuffs clicking]
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say and do
can and will be used against
you in a court of law.
You have the right
to an attorney.
If you can't
afford an attorney,
one will be provided
for you.
Do you understand the rights
I just read to you?
We'll need you to come
down to the station,
give a formal statement.
[sigh]
All right,
good looking out.
Police report confirms Clay's
prints were on the weapon.
When Clay got drummed
out of the club,
he blamed Pope.
Hated that we were
in business together.
I never thought
he would be stupid enough
to go after him.
How is it
that Clay knew
where Mr. Pope
was gonna be?
Only two parties
knew the location.
Clay must've
followed me here,
waited for Pope to leave,
trailed him to the garage.
By the time we got there,
there were people everywhere,
a bunch of cars.
We split 'cause I didn't want
Trager to get suspicious.
Murder weapon,
prints, motive...
you running late.
All fits together
nicely.
What's that mean?
You locked down
a lucrative deal.
The man who called the play
that killed your best friend
is gunned down
by the man you hate most,
who now is as good
as dead,
once I put a price
on his head.
You think I planned
this whole thing?
Come on, man.
You give me
way too much credit.
I ain't Pope.
I'm just a mechanic
looking out for my family.
We're gonna be looking
into Mr. Pope's death.
And if we determine
the police are wrong,
our disciplinary action
could expand beyond one man.
That makes sense.
If it's any consolation,
I'm looking forward
to working with
you, Mr. Marks.
[engine starts]
Bounty is on Clay Morrow.
I want him dead
before his hearing.
I'm proud of you.
[sigh]
How's she doing?
She's gonna be fine,
brother.
[muttering]
I know what you did
with Clay.
I just talked to Juice
and Tig.
What did they say?
Nothing.
I kept my word to you
and the club.
I didn't lay a hand
on Clay.
It wasn't about being
smart enough to hurt him.
It was about being smart
enough not to hurt him.
You had a chance
to be different.
Maybe I'm not so different.
So what now?
You tell me.
Things are changing, Gemma.
We're not gonna be able
to play house here anymore.
I'm not playing anything.
In case you haven't
noticed, ese,
I'm not a casual girl.
Do you want to be
with me or not?
I'm just saying...
I just don't know
if I'm gonna be able
to give you everything
you need right now.
And what is it
you think I need?
Love?
Only men need
to be loved, sweetheart.
Women need to be wanted.
You know, all this stuff
that's gone down
the past few days,
I'm not outside it.
You understand that?
I'm in it.
My life's about
to get very messy, Gemma.
I know messy.
It's what I do best.
[knocking]
Sorry.
Really?
Jax is here.
Speaking of messy.
Okay, Lyla,
I'll be right there.
You should look
after Carl and Carla.
They want you.
[chirping]
Follow me.
You're the boss.
Your half of Dante's haul.
Keep it.
Deposit on what we owe you
for getting back my ex.
Oh, no, no, no, we'll
figure all that out.
Your crew deserves this.
Serio, I'm--
I'm indebted, man.
What do you tell
your boy...
about the farm?
I don't know.
Those, uh,
journals you keep.
Those are for
your boys, right?
What do you tell them?
The shit I can't
tell anyone else.
You need to buy
that farm, brother.
We'll help your cousin
keep your crew whole.
You're so close
to getting out.
So are you, mano.
So are you.
'Cause it sounds
like you got
all your business
handled.
Hmm?
I'm gonna make you
another deal.
You walk away...
I'll walk away.
[sigh]
Have a good night.
[keys clatter]
What is this?
Why is Wendy listed
on there as a guardian?
I'm just getting
things in order.
She's the best choice.
[scoff]
You shouldn't have
attacked her, Jax.
Is that with this is?
You trying to teach me
some kind of lesson?
[chuckle]
No.
You know, I used to think
that if I gave up
on the club or Charming,
I'd somehow be
betraying you,
and I didn't want
to do that.
And then I realized
that my job as your old lady
is to be strong
when and where you can't be.
That's what this is, baby.
I took that job in Oregon.
It starts in two weeks.
The boys are coming
with me.
And if you love them
and if you love me,
you'll follow us
up there.
We both know
if we stay here...
we'll end up like the two
people we hate the most.
And our boys will
be destined to relive...
all of our mistakes.
[knock on door]
Now is not a good time.
Yeah, I know.
I need to speak to you
for a second.
Are we good?
Yeah.
Then can we talk tomorrow?
I'm not here for that.
I'm here for Tara.
[Thomas crying]
What are you
talking about?
I have a warrant.
Conspiracy
to commit murder.
Death
of Pamela Toric.
[crying continues]
You're under arrest,
Dr. Knowles.
No.
He's crying.
♪ Please allow me
to introduce myself ♪
♪ I'm a man
of wealth and taste ♪
♪ I've been around
for a long, long year ♪
♪ Stole many a man's
soul and faith ♪
♪ I was around
when Jesus Christ ♪
♪ Had his moment
of doubt and pain ♪
Call Lowen.
♪ I made damn sure
that Pilate ♪
♪ Washed his hands
and sealed his fate ♪
♪ Pleased to meet you ♪
♪ Hope you guess my name ♪
♪ Oh, what's puzzling you ♪
♪ Is the nature of my game ♪
♪ I stuck around
St. Petersburg ♪
♪ When I saw it was
a time for a change ♪
♪ Killed the Tsar
and his ministers ♪
♪ Anastasia screamed in vain ♪
♪ I rode a tanker,
I held a general's rank ♪
♪ When the blitzkrieg raged
and the bodies stank ♪
♪ I'm pleased to meet you ♪
♪ Hope you guess my name ♪
♪ Oh, what's puzzling you ♪
♪ Is the nature of my game ♪
♪ I watched with glee
while your kings and queens ♪
♪ Fought for ten decades
for the gods they made ♪
♪ I shouted out
"Who killed the Kennedys?" ♪
♪ When, after all,
it was you and me ♪
♪ Let me please
introduce myself ♪
♪ I'm a man
of wealth and taste ♪
♪ I laid traps
for the troubadours ♪
♪ Who get killed
before they reach Bombay ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo ♪
I'm here, baby.